- [Instructor] So, now that we know
how to Dockerize our application,
let's configure it to connect
with our explorecali database container.
Before we start, we have to make sure
there are no existing images
or container of our application,
so let's go to the command line
and do docker ps -a.
We don't have any containers running
for the application,
just the ec-mysql container which is good
'cause we're gonna interact with it.
Now we're going to see if there is any images
of our application.
And we do see we do have the explorecali image
in Docker, we don't want that,
so we're gonna remove it
because we're gonna generate a new one
that's database aware.
Rmi means remove image.
And we've removed that image.
And it's gone, so the only thing we have
is mysql and Java 8,
clear the screen up a bit.
And let's look at two changes that were made
to the application.
One is the Docker file,
so now our Docker file
has a profile setting.
We've added the environment variable
- Dspring.profiles.active=mysql,
so that will be our last entry point command
and we have modified
the mysql.properties file,
so before the URL was localhost:6604
which was the exported port
that the ec-mysql was using
but we are actually going to link into that container,
so we're going to put the container name
and then the internal database port number
which is 3306.
Let's go back to the command line
and let's make sure that our application is built
with these new settings in our properties file.
This will build our jar
and now we're going to actually build the image.
So, our Docker image is built.
And there it is.
And finally, let's create the container
and have it linked to the ec-mysql container.
This is the reason we had to change
the database connection parameters
because we're not accessing the database as localhost
but as within that same container
and we have the command in our README file.
So, this will run
a Docker container called ec-app
and it's going to publish port 8080 as 8080
and we're going to link into the ec-mysql container
and the image what we're referencing is explorecali.
So, let's see how that's going.
And it seems to be starting okay
and now let's actually hit the API.
And there are tours.